[LTS] WIA and KA alignment (#1139)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/credential-revocation.rst

Status Update by Wallet Providers
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> In case of device loss, theft, or a general vulnerability, the Wallet Provider MUST revoke the Wallet Instance. Therefore, the Wallet Provider MUST ensure that the updated status is reflected in the status list of the related Wallet Instance Attestation. In case of a vulnerability on the WSCD, the Wallet Provider MUST revoke the related Key Attestation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of device loss or theft, notified by User, or a known security vulnerability affecting the Wallet Instances, the Wallet Provider MUST revoke all the affected Wallet Instances. Therefore, the Wallet Provider MUST ensure that the updated status is reflected in the status list of the related Wallet Instance Attestations. In case of a vulnerability on the WSCD, the Wallet Provider MUST revoke the related Key Attestation.
```

Reviewer: please bring this also in the italian version.

When multiple Digital Credentials are issued together in a single batch, their lifecycle remains fully granular:

>   * **Grouped triggers, independent updates**: regardless of the actor that triggers a batch status update (e.g. the Wallet Instance via Notification Endpoint with ``event=credential_deleted``, Wallet Provider via updating Wallet Instance and Key Attestation status list) the status updating is handled as N separate status changes.  The Credential Issuer updates each Credential's own status individually (for example, flipping its status-list bit to ``INVALID`` or ``SUSPENDED``). By default, a Wallet Instance MUST NOT trigger batch status updates when the User deletes local Credentials. Upon deletion, the Wallet Instance MAY, under the User's explicit consent, notify the Credential Issuer of the User's intention to revoke the affected Credential(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Grouped triggers, independent updates**: regardless of the actor that triggers a batch status update (e.g. the Wallet Instance via Notification Endpoint with ``event=credential_deleted``, Wallet Provider via updating Wallet Instance and Key Attestation status list) the status updating is handled as one or more separate status changes.  The Credential Issuer updates each Credential's status individually (for instance, by flipping its status-list bit to ``INVALID`` or ``SUSPENDED``). The Wallet Instance MUST NOT trigger batch status updates when the User deletes local Credentials. Upon deletion, the Wallet Instance MAY, under the User's explicit consent, notify the Credential Issuer of the User's intention to revoke the affected Credential(s).
```
